NodeJS, Express 102: Clarify models description (#26317)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/express_and_mongoose/express_102_crud_and_mvc.md

MVC is another common concept in web development and also something that is likely to come up in an interview question.  MVC stands for _Model, View, Controller_ and refers to the architecture of your code. Basically, it is a way to organize your application by separating all of the actions into 3 main components: Models, Views and Controllers.

> <span id="model">**Models**</span> are the basic building blocks of your database. So for every type of entry in your DB (book, author, etc. in our Library Project), you'll create a model that holds the details of that entry. Models define the types of information that get used by your views and controllers.

Reviewer: Just to make sure we are on the same page. This is what I believe we've agreed on:

```suggestion
<span id="model">**Models**</span> are the basic building blocks of your database. So for every type of entry in your DB (book, author, etc. in our Library Project), you'll create a model that will hold the details of that type of entry. Models define the types of information that get used by your views and controllers.
```

Author: That's perfect

> <span id="model">**Models**</span> are the basic building blocks of your database. So for every type of entries in your DB (books, authors, etc. in our Library Project), you'll create a model that holds the details of that entry. Models define the types of information that get used by your views and controllers.

Reviewer: I am stuck on "entries" being plural and it doesn't quite sound right to me.  What do you think of using "type of entry"?

Author: I thought about this too 😅 
I appears both are correct
![image](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/assets/55961349/470d4a46-08d6-4d02-87dc-44308b73785f)
whatever sounds better for you,
 if we change it to be singular might we also change `(books, authors, etc. in our Library Project)` to (book, author, etc. in our Library Project)? (it's why I ended up choosing plural)

Author: I noticed this sentence `you'll create a model that holds the details of that entry` should "entry" here be changed to "type" or "type of entry?

Reviewer: Good catch. That sentence does need some updating. I am open to suggestions, but in addition to adding "type of entry" to it, I believe "will hold" reads better then just "holds"

> Models are the basic building blocks of your database. So for every type of entry in your DB (book, author, etc. in our Library Project), you'll create a model that will hold the details of that type of entry. Models define the types of information that get used by your views and controllers.

Author: agreed!
